Hello dear friends with you again
I will tell you today about the new way
get diablo 3 completely free
i.e. this is not the way that was
earlier on my channel this is in this way
that is, you get diablo 3 right away and
ripper souls, that is , you are not
not banned at all because it's like
made like a chinese server all things
Well, like a pirate to those need
'm serious. the operation is done here
but you can play with friends
there everything is basically the same update
the latter is all in principle to us as
over the streets of license
so that's what we need for this
for this just a little bit
that is, we go cold on this site
I will leave references that is under the video
here and then we go to the site
battle.net
I'll show you the link here too
links all links will be in the description under
video here we go on battle.net yes if
you already have a record of all things up
we leave it now i will do it
bigger and tip because it was necessary
so I reduce here and click
create new record create new
record country of residence as you already
understood we choose china yes i'm china here
China we have all done now, we zhakhnet
all to chinese
Here you are, well, in principle, that you
you can just drive here like
Naturally in Chinese, all yes
naturally google helps so
translator that is, you know
as far as the translator, that's just all here
enter everything as you can also translate
what does it mean like that or can you just
open a new tab that is also up
battle.net
all things yes now I will upload
click here to create a new entry and just
watch it in general and now like 1
we take the country of Russia or Russia
something like
and can stretch
this is a wolf hearth
pancake brand squandered
in from the Russian Federation
and see here what is the name of the last name
yes here is also the name of the last name here goes like
date of birth does not give everything because this
Date of Birth
so this is a secret question and tell me here
then it will all be like that
e-mail to the same e-mail
address you repeat email
address password enter repeat password
here and so here you do all this captcha
drive and click register
after you have already registered
battle.net Chinese is Chinese
account you download
here this game click download
we downloaded it but I have already downloaded
I demonstrate all this exactly how exactly
sat what i was doing on the laptop not
wrote down then but download you here such
that's what label let's say yes he doesn't
click you here about once
This window opens but not immediately
it would be necessary to first battle.net but it
just a couple of seconds just madison already
I can not set you often
show data here
who signed up then he have
you open the window you load the game then
there is yes all the game will be loaded and here
you will have such a push there will be
written beta
Well , how would the Chinese here
Beta is the fact that here it is as if the system
which we are registering now and on
where she will have to play with
time will be updated then there will
much better everything and then
upload the game and just click
play it all you kinda did you
free game in chinese account and
In general, everything is cool and you are not for it
get sick seriously say vase it's not
will add you nothing will do
play opportunities they for at least until
blue in general, well, that's all
it was required, as it were, from you more
easy way than the former so everyone
good luck subscribe to my channel
Like everyone for now